Documented differences between INTERVAL expression on Trino versus Hive (#14952)
trinodb/trino: docs/src/main/sphinx/appendix/from-hive.rst

    FROM tests
    CROSS JOIN UNNEST(scores) AS t (score);

Use ANSI SQL syntax for date and time INTERVAL expressions
----------------------------------------------------------

> Trino supports the ANSI SQL style INTERVAL expressions and this differs from the implementation used in Hive:

Reviewer: Wrap this sentence please

Reviewer: also use code highlighting 

```
`INTERVAL``
```

Author: Fixed

> * The INTERVAL keyword is required and is not optional.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* The ``INTERVAL`` keyword is required and is not optional.
```

Author: Fixed

> * Date and time units must be singular e.g. day and not days.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Date and time units must be singular. For example ``day` and not ``days``.
```

> * Values should be quoted and not bare strings e.g. '14' and not 14.

Reviewer: Values must be quoted.

The rest is clear from the following example.

Author: Fixed

Hive query::

>     SELECT cast('2000-08-19' as date) +  14 days;

Reviewer 2: What Hive version are you using? Trino style query also works in Hive environment. Also, 
official example https://cwiki.apache.org/confluence/display/hive/languagemanual+types mentions `INTERVAL '1' DAY`.

Author: This was testing on Hive 2.x as would be deployed on Cloudera CDH 6. The Trino style query may work on Hive, but hive is much looser in what it will accept for date arithmetic. It's typically going from Hive to Trino that the problems occur.

> Trino query::

Reviewer: Equivalent Trino query:

Author: Fixed

>     SELECT cast('2000-08-19' as date) +  INTERVAL '14' day;

Reviewer 2: Please remove a redundant space before INTERVAL.

Author: Done. Also removed a redundant space in the Hive statement above this one.

>     SELECT cast('2000-08-19' as date) +  interval '14' day;

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    SELECT cast('2000-08-19' as date) +  INTERVAL '14' day;
```

Author: Fixed
